[WIP] Public beta docs for ephemeral values (#35899)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/values/variables.mdx

```
Refer to [Custom Condition Checks](/terraform/language/expressions/custom-conditions#input-variable-validation) for more details.

### Exclude values from state

> -> **Note**: Ephemeral variables are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral variables are subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Public beta">

Ephemeral variables are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral variables are subject to change.

</Note>
```

```
Refer to [Custom Condition Checks](/terraform/language/expressions/custom-conditions#input-variable-validation) for more details.

### Exclude values from state

> -> **Note**: Ephemeral variables are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.1.0 and later. The workflows of ephemeral variables are subject to change.

Author: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: Ephemeral variables are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral variables are subject to change.
```

  type      = string
  ephemeral = true
}

data "aws_secretsmanager_secret_version" "db_master" {
  secret_id = data.aws_db_instance.example.master_user_secret[0].secret_arn
}
locals {
  credentials = jsondecode(data.aws_secretsmanager_secret_version.db_master.secret_string)
}

provider "postgresql" {
  host     = data.aws_db_instance.example.address
  port     = data.aws_db_instance.example.port
  username = local.credentials["username"]
  password = local.credentials["password"]
}

> 

Reviewer 2: I made it more confusing in my gist as I didn't realise I shared the version with the data source - apologies!

This was supposed to be something like this:

```hcl
ephemeral "aws_secretsmanager_secret_version" "db_master" {
  secret_id = data.aws_db_instance.example.master_user_secret[0].secret_arn
}
locals {
  credentials = jsondecode(ephemeral.aws_secretsmanager_secret_version.db_master.secret_string)
}

provider "postgresql" {
  host     = data.aws_db_instance.example.address
  port     = data.aws_db_instance.example.port
  username = local.credentials["username"]
  password = local.credentials["password"]
}
```

I'm fine with keeping it small for now though.

Author: Oooh I love this example! 

@robin-norwood Could you please also add this to that new ephemeral resources page?
